Bitwarden firefox and i os setup update (#419)
Start9Labs/documentation: site/source/user-manual/service-guides/vaultwarden/bitwarden-client-setup.rst

        #. Visit the App Store and download the `Bitwarden app <https://apps.apple.com/us/app/bitwarden-password-manager/id1137397744>`_

>         #. Open the Bitwarden app. You'll be greeted with a log-in screen. Click "Region" dropdown menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        #. Open the Bitwarden app. You'll be greeted with a log-in screen. Click the "Region" drop-down menu.
```

            .. figure:: /_static/images/services/vaultwarden/bitwarden-iOS-setup-step1.png
                    :width: 40%
                    :alt: vaultwarden-iOS-log-in-screen
        

>         #. Choose self-hosted option.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        #. Choose the "Self-hosted" option.  
```

                :width: 50%
                :alt: vaultwarden-tor-address

        #. Now send that address to your phone and paste it into Bitwarden.

>             .. note::  **before you hit save:** The Tor address you will have copied will begin with **http** - Please change this to **https** instead of **http**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            .. caution::  **Before you hit save:**  The Tor address you will have copied will begin with **http** - Please change this to **https** instead of **http**
```

Author: Much better.

        #. Open the Bitwarden app. You'll be greeted with a log-in screen.
        

>         #. Open the Bitwarden app. You'll be greeted with a log-in screen. Click "Region" dropdown menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        #. Open the Bitwarden app. You'll be greeted with a log-in screen. Click the "Region" drop-down menu.
```

            .. figure:: /_static/images/services/vaultwarden/bitwarden-iOS-setup-step1.png
                    :width: 40%
                    :alt: vaultwarden-iOS-log-in-screen
        

>         #. Choose self-hosted option.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        #. Choose the "Self-hosted" option.  
```

                #. Download the `Bitwarden Desktop app <https://bitwarden.com/download/>`_.

>                 #. Open the Bitwarden app and click on "Region" dropdown menu:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                #. Open the Bitwarden app and click on the "Region" drop-down menu:
```

                #. Download the `Bitwarden Desktop app <https://bitwarden.com/download/>`_.

>                 #. Open the Bitwarden app and click on "Region" dropdown menu:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                #. Open the Bitwarden app and click on the "Region" drop-down menu:
```
